For the men and max values on the day times I will use data from the selected place we have theater.
So back in the template I can choose.
Select the place.
And now here we have no dates in there because right now our model isn't set up to hold any dates for
places so that it's to change and I'll therefore go to my place model here and I will add new fields
a public field available from which will be a date and a public field away lable Q which should be a
date is a date not a date.
Q
When we save that of course our parts of our application will break namely the parts where we do use
these models thus far and that is our place as service in there we do create our places and currently
without any dates so time to change that.
For that does here is our starting date.
I'll add a new date and like this it would take the current timestamp which we could do but all hard
code a different date in here so that it's based on that.
And then let's say we use the first January 2019 as a starting date and as an ending date I use the
twist at December thirty first.
Now I'll do that on all these places and later of course we'll use our own data there.
So now we have a valid page again or a valid application again back to day create bookings page.
We can now bind min and max.
Here we have select the place away lable from and Max here is select and place away label Q And on the
second day time we already bound minimum to the selected date and the first input.
So here I'll only bind Max to the selected place away lable to date with that.
If this no saves and reloads our application and we try to book displays here we actually get an error
when I try to pick a date.
Now the fixes that are the problem is that we're passing in a javascript Date object is actually not
what it wants here.
Instead we should call Q ISO string here to convert this to string following the ISO norm.
We do this here on both men and Max and all the down there on Max don't need to do it here on the main
binding because the value we get back here from the first iron day time will already be such a string.
So now let's wait for this to reload click book select date.
And now here we can open that date picker and indeed you see it starts at January 1st 1919.
We can pick any every year and it ends in December thirty first and if I now would pick let's say November
22nd or October 22nd here then on the second day time I start on that date and I can't pick any date
prior to that.
So that's pretty neat and exactly the behavior we want now.
What about that scenario where we pre fill this with some randomly selected dates though regarding the
randomly selected dates.
I'll first of all go back to my Discover place detail page because there we actually opened that action
sheet here in our typescript file where we open the booking modal in select or random mode.
Now first of all I need to forward that information into my modal so that I can initialize the form
differently there.
So in component props I will not just forward to select the place but also the selected mode let's say.
And that will just be the mode I'm getting here as an argument.
So a string which is either select or random.
So inside of my create booking component here I will now not just expect that select to place input
but also that selected mode input which is that string either select or random because that is what
I am forwarding from the action sheet into the model and now based on that.
An engine in it we can generate starting dates or a starting and ending date that will pre fill into
these daytime inputs for that year.
All first of all find out which General date range I may use based on the place we got.
So here it is.
I'll add a away lable from constant here which constructs a new Date object because here I now need
to work with date objects not with strings where I access this select the place available from now I'll
duplicate this to also create a constant for a way lable too.
And now I'll pick a random range between that starting and end date but only if this selected mode is
equal to random if it is select or anything else then I certainly don't want to preselect dates.
So the next thing we need is two new properties up here.
One is the start date which is a date object and one is the end date which is a date object or actually
both can be strings because we need to pass a string into our template anyways.
So now here in this if statement I want to generate these two strings and for that I'll bind this start
date equal to and now I will access a way lable from.
So this constant here and there call get time.
This is a method.
Every date object hasn't javascript that gives me this state as milliseconds since the beginning of
time which in JavaScript world like in most our programming languages is at.
January 1st 1970.
So I get the amount of milliseconds that passed since then and now there I want to add a random amount
of milliseconds to choose my starting date which is not the starting date of the place but any starting
date after debt starting date.
So I'll use math random here to generate a random number between 0 and 1 and multiply that random number
with.
And now I need the maximum to up to which I may go.
So I weigh a too and get my time there.
So get the milli second stare.
Put this back into brackets here.
So a well-built you get time.
And there I now deduct at least one week.
Why.
Because I basically want to start at the lowest date I can use for the place and go all the way up to
the highest.
But I want to leave for at least one week of away little time we can book because this is the starting
date.
I also will need to generate an end date and dead end date will obviously take the start date into account
and therefore there should be some days left after do you randomly generated start date.
So from the maximum and date I'll deduct a week.
And now that will be a week in milliseconds so seven days times 24 hours per day.
Time's 60 minutes per hour time's 60 seconds per minute.
Time's 1000 milliseconds per second.
This is the conversion we have to do here to deduct one week from our end date in milliseconds
notice would still be a large number it would be the amount of milliseconds since the beginning of time.
I need the amount of milliseconds since the starting date and therefore I will now deduct a whale from
get time here again.
And now does this do you finished expression.
I want here but the problem is what I get here as a result will just be a value in milliseconds.
Now I will convert this back into a date by wrapping it with the new date constructor so I pass this
expression into new date here and now I get a date object that actually will be a valid timestamp.
No start date should be a string though which is no problem.
I will simply call CU ISO string here at the end and that's it.
That's a randomly generated date.
Taking the starting date off that offered place and the ending date into account.
Now we can also set the end date here and the end date will of course be based on our start date.
Now that start date is a string year.
We need a date object to work with those all first of all wrap this start date which we calculated here
into the new date constructor to get a date object again and then there I will call get time to again
get the milliseconds for the start date.
We calculated here which is not to started off the place but our starting date for that random period
plus and now here MOF random again times and now in brackets I will use my start date which I generated
up here not the place start date of course but the start date we already picked.
And since this is a string I'll wrap it in you date.
So this start date and then on that date object I can call get time because I need the milliseconds
here and then to these milliseconds which are since the beginning of time I will add let's say 6 days
as our range.
I want to add as a maximum so six times 24 times 60 times 60 times 1000 and then deduct new Date.
This start date and then call get time to not get a millisecond value since the beginning of time.
But since our start date here and this year is the time between our start date and the beginning of
time so by deducting that difference we get just the difference between our start date and now.
So this is my date.
This however would be a number in milliseconds so let me wrap that into a new date.
Call here and since we just string call to ISO string thereafter and this now is my end date calculated
based on that start date with that let's implement both in the template so in the template I can now
bind energy model on the two date time inputs on the first energy model here on the first date time
input I'll bind it to starts date and this Iva is my string my generated start date or it is undefined
if we're not in a random mode and if it's undefined then this is OK.
This picker will then just work as it did before where we also didn't set a default value but if it
is dead start date Isaac string that was randomly generated then it should indeed start at that date
and now for that second date time I'll bind this to end date therefore with the same logic let's now
save that and see whether it works or not.
So back to our page here if we open that modal first of all in the normal non-random date I can use
these pictures just as I could before.
So that looks good.
And now if I try booking that in the random mode here I indeed see that there is a random date selected.
So let's try that again.
Yeah looks pretty good to me.